#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
certifi==2022.9.24
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via rich
filelock==3.8.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
huggingface-hub==0.10.1
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
idna==3.4
    # via requests
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
keybert==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
nltk==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
numpy==1.23.4
    # via
    #   keybert
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
pillow==9.2.0
    # via torchvision
pygments==2.13.0
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via packaging
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
regex==2022.9.13
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
rich==12.6.0
    # via keybert
scikit-learn==1.1.2
    # via
    #   keybert
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.9.3
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==2.2.2
    # via keybert
sentencepiece==0.1.97
    # via sentence-transformers
strsim==0.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.13.1
    # via transformers
torch==1.12.1
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.13.1
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.23.1
    # via sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   torchvision
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via requests
